hello ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls on the Internet I'm drew Peck
amigos another video today and in
today's video I'm going to be showing
you guys how to get sponsored by control
freak to do this load up your web
browser now once you get to here go to
the top and put in this link this link
will be in the description below now
once you come to the main website scroll
all the way down until you come to here
now click on this button here now once
you get to here on the right you'll see
it says apply for clearance click on
this until you get to this this is the
app click application now just scroll
all the way down until you see this now
I've already done this and I did it
recently so I it won't say this it will
say all the detail and boxes and stuff
and once you've done that just come hit
confirm and you should come up with this
and hopefully you'll get sponsored so
that is it for this video I hope you
enjoyed if you like the salt content hit
the like button down below and also go
to my channel and subscribe thank you
antara